README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

feat: add UI components including Skeleton, Slider, Sonner, Switch, Table, Tabs, Textarea, Toggle Group, Toggle, and Tooltip
- Implemented Skeleton component for loading states.
- Added Slider component using Radix UI for customizable sliders.
- Integrated Sonner for toast notifications with theme support.
- Created Switch component for toggle functionality.
- Developed Table component with header, body, footer, and cell support.
- Introduced Tabs component for tabbed navigation.
- Built Textarea component for multi-line text input.
- Implemented Toggle Group and Toggle components for grouped toggle functionality.
- Added Tooltip component for displaying additional information on hover.
- Created custom hook `useIsMobile` to detect mobile devices.
- Updated Todo type to include optional fields for enhanced task management.
- Configured Tailwind CSS with custom themes and animations.

README.md, after:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm install --legacy-peer-deps
npm run dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This To-Do List application now includes:
*   **Task Management**: Add, toggle completion, edit, and delete todo items.
*   **Categories**: Assign and manage custom categories for your tasks.
*   **Due Dates**: Set and track deadlines for your todos.
*   **Filtering**: Filter tasks by category and completion status.
*   **Sorting**: Organize tasks by default order, completed last, or alphabetically.
*   **Search**: Quickly find tasks by searching their text.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.
